NMS-13330: Add out of band monitoring content to main user documentation (#3453)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/reference/pages/configuration/minion-confd/test-confd.adoc

[[confd-template-test]]

> = Test/develop confd templates

Reviewer: Personally not a fan of this title.  I would prefer either "Test" or "Develop" but not both.

Author: Good point. Will update.

To locally test `confd` template changes, run a Minion container and map the corresponding files into the container. 
The following procedure, which requires a Minion Docker container, might be useful:

. Download a Minion Docker image from a build in CircleCI. 

> It is an artifact of the `tarball-assembly` job. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be found as an artifact of the `tarball-assembly` job. 
```
